Okay so let's create a new function and this function is
going to be called Lambda S3 because it will be
invoked whenever an object is inserted into an S3 bucket.
So for this I will choose python 3.8 as my runtime.
And I will go ahead and create this function.
On the side I'm going to go into the S3 service, and I will
create a bucket that will invoke my Lambda function.
So to do so I'm gonna go into S3
And once you create a bucket and call it demo S3 event
Stephane.
and make sure I'm in the same region
of my bucket as my Lambda functions
So Ireland for both
then I will just scroll down and click on create Buckets.
Okay So I'm gonna go into my buckets, which has
been created right now and on the properties Then
I'm gonna go and scroll
down and I want to find
the event notification properties
because we want this S3 bucket to invoke my Lambda function.
So for this I'm going to create an event notification
and it's called invoke Lambda
And then for prefix we'll have it all
Suffix we'll have it all
And then for event types
we'll choose all objects create events
scroll down.
And for destination we have the choice
between Lambda SNS and SQS, but we'll choose Lambda
and we'll choose it from the Lambda functions we available
So Lambda S3.
and we'll save the changes
And now this is successfully completed.
So this event notification is enabled to send data
into Ireland function.
So for this, we can just refresh this Lambda function
page right here, and we can see now on the left hand side
that S3 is invoking our Lambda function.
So let's just modify our Lambda function
to do a little bit more So instead of this
I'm just going to print
the events to see what is being sent
into it on the function
and deploy it.
Okay, perfect.
So one last thing.
How does this S3 buckets Invoker on the function?
Well, you should know by now, but if we go
into configuration and then we look at the permissions
which are right here
and we scroll
down and look at the resource based policy where
we can see that there's a policy statements right here
which says that Lambda S3 can invoke our functions.
So If I click on this statement ID right here
we have the policy, or I can click
on view policy document to view the entire JSON
which allows our S3 buckets demo as for events
Stephane to invoke Ireland function, Lambda S3.
Okay, perfect.
So the last thing is
that we need to test that this integration is working.
So let's go into our S3 management console
and we're going to upload a file into our buckets.
So I'll add a file and I'll choose the coffee.jpeg file
that have from before from the code, from the S3 folder.
So I'm going to just upload this file
and the upload has succeeded.
so now what's going to happen is
that this should trigger an event into my Lambda function
and to see whether or not this has worked, then we go
into monitor and we're going to click on view logs
in CloudWatch
to get directed directly into CloudWatch logs.
And we can see one log stream right here
and this corresponds
to this invocation that was made by S3
And so if we have a look here
we can see that the event source is AWS S3.
We can look at the region, we can look
at the objects where it did put events, and who made it.
And also we can have information around the bucket name
which is demo S3 events Stephane and as well
as the air into the bucket and for the objects for key
we have coffee.jpeg we have the size and the E tag.
And so all this information right here is enough
for our Lambda function to do in the code
and S3 that get object API code
thanks to the events
and then get the actual object that was uploaded
into the S3 buckets and therefore do some processing on it.
Okay.
And that's it
for another type of asynchronous invocation by now
you've seen a lot of asynchronous notifications in Lambda
but hopefully these make sense now
and you've seen as well, how resource policy works.
So that's it for this section.
I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.